The application is intended to be used to compare international charities with one another and recommend charities based on a user given criteria. The application is to be able to read the charity data from .csv files and insert each charity into a data structure where each charity exists as an individual node and each node will have several associated attributes. The application is expected to perform sorting, searching and graphing algorithms, so the data type must be able to support these three types of algorithms. Sorting algorithms are to be used to hasten the search operations which will come from the user when they desire to see a certain attribute from the charities. The graphing algorithm will be used to determine the similarity between charities with the intent of recommending new charities to the user. The relationship on whether two charities are similar will use a formula that takes certain attributes (country of operation, total budget, program or service) of the two charities and equate them to output a Boolean response to whether the charities are similar. This relationship will be stored in an array that stores recently computed similar charities, so the user can quickly review their last comparisons. Other than that use, the relationships will not be stored for external use and will not alter the charity attributes in any way.

[we could create and export a text file generated through testing that has precomputed similar charities for common attributes to cut on processing time]

Each charity is to be represented in an abstract data type that contains several attributes including the charity name, country and city of origin, country of operation, charity ID, and financial statistics . All attributes should be retrievable from an API and the data type should also be able to compare itself to another object of the same type according to any attribute for sorting purposes. Changing attributes manually should not be part of the public interface but could exist internally.

The major shareholders in this project is the development team with the express goal of creating a piece of software that will provide users with a fast and simple way to find charities with goals and programs that suit the desires of how the user wants their money to be spent. 
